well hello everybody thank you for
checking this video out with us today my
name is Chad with Ravenel Ford out here
in Ravenel South Carolina today we're
looking at the 2013 Ford Explorer take a
look at this vehicle silver is the color
the Explorer what a good looking vehicle
it's an SUV the discount sticker is
definitely what we're moving to right
now though stock number 13 Oh 56
manufacturer suggested retail price is
37 705 factory invoice plus 98 is 35 728
less to current rebate 1500 sale price
34 to 28 remember folks at the
incentives change the price changes okay
someone let you know that $500 with Ford
Motor Credit if you finance with them so
there's a lot of savings to be getting
folks when you're out here Ravenel 4
also in the dealer admin fees or dock
fees I know it's a mouthful folks but
you can always rewind EcoBoost on this
engine that's gonna be what we're
talking about in just a moment dual
exhaust backup sensors backup camera you
got a remote here you can just hit it
like that
opens this bad boy right on up this one
does have the XLT package third row
seats come standard you can remove them
if you'd like or fold them down they sit
nice and flat under there just like that
looking good power outlets plenty of
room even the second row seats fold down
if you need even more space if you go to
home look home depot or lowes you can
get a lot of stuff in here
push the button drop it back down just
that simple
man before we get on the inside I'm
gonna show you something now let's take
a look at the fuel economy so right on
here I know you may not be able to see
it but 28 and 24 a combined of 23
Insurance Institute for Highway Safety
absolutely loves the Explorer good
ratings let's get on the inside
well this XLT package is definitely
gonna have power windows power door
locks power mirrors plenty of cubby
holes to store things leather interior
how about it leather on the inside power
seats power lumbar support you get the
two screens right there a Microsoft Sync
another big bad boy right there for you
looking good cupholders automatic
leather wrapped armrest tons of nice
features on the inside we need you to
come down here though and test drive one
with us at Rapinoe Ford we've got a
sales staff on board with us knows the
product all of them have been here well
over five years or more okay they know
their stuff come and see Matt Ravenel
Ford call the phone number on the bottom
of the screen let me tell you it's a lot
different coming down here and visiting
with Ravenel for and again we're only 15
minutes south down Savannah Highway past
the sit of them all so not a very far
drive no dealer admin fees no dock fees
it's no-nonsense Autobahn we'll see you
then